MIU 404 to No.1 HQ,
We finished the covert op in Ichigaya.
Returning to station.
-Was that Shima?
-He's with MIU now.
That partner killer is still here?
Hey…
What?
I want to quit.
Shima. We should talk.
Talk?
For me to get
a better understanding of your…
-No, thanks.
-Don't be like that.
Shima.
-Listen.
-I'm tired.
Hey, partner killer.
Looking serious.
There's a guy who calls you that.
He got me curious.
Hey, hey. Wait up, Shima.
Shima, the partner kill…
Stop saying that.
How dare you call him that?
I thought it was something like
"goblin killer," the sake.
How there's no melon in a melon bread…
Mr. Shima's partner did die.
Whether it was an accident, suicide,
or a murder…
That remains a mystery.
Seriously?
Early morning on August 8th 2013,
a man's body was discovered
in Hirawa, Komae City.
Sergeant Yoshitaka Kosaka
of the First Investigation Division.
He most likely fell to his death.
It was in the multi-tenant building
where he lived.
The body was discovered by his colleague.
He had only one of his sandals on him.
The other one was found on the roof.
There was a bottle of whisky nearby.
Whisky…
That's all that was reported.
Did he get drunk and fall?
From what I've heard,
-Mr. Kosaka couldn't drink at all.
-What?
But a large amount
of alcohol was found in his body.
The body reeked of alcohol.
Come in.
That's unacceptable.
I was at home yesterday waiting.
You need to tell me in advance.
I'll think about it.
-Here's the report.
-Thanks.
-Problem?
-The boiler broke down at home.
They suddenly tell me they can come today.
But she's home, right? The girl.
Hamu-chan.
Which is why I don't want
visitors while I'm gone.
They are coming in a week.
It was clearly their mistake.
We can't bathe for a week.
I'm going.
Oh, excuse me. Good work.
I could go to your house
if you'd like me to?
Really?
I mean I'm just going
to go home and sleep.
If you so wish.
Would it be abuse of authority?
I made the suggestion.
I only heard a few things
prior to coming here.
That's all the guy knew.
So, it's merely a rumor?
-Mr. Jinba might know.
-Don't do that.
You were Mr. Shima's partner, right?
A long time ago.
It was before he joined
First Investigation.
First Investigation?
Did I just hear what I think I heard?
-Shima was with First Investigation?
-You didn't know?
For a few years. Highly regarded.
He was transferred after this incident.
Now I understand.
Mr. Shima.
-Shima's taking me lightly.
-Mr. Ibuki.
He never tells me the important stuff.
-Ibuki.
I've submitted my report. I'm out.
Good work.
-Me too.
-Not so fast.
Why pry into what happened six years ago?
It's not the past.
He hasn't found closure.
-Shima. What happened?
-Ibuki.
-Why can't you drink whisky anymore?
-None of your business.
It is. I ride 404. I'm your partner.
-How annoying.
-What was that?
A cop needs to know how to pose questions.
You won't get a suspect talking
by the way you're talking, idiot.
You're a cop. Do your own research.
I doubt you'll find anything
with your investigative skills.
Remember those words. You'll be sorry.
Yeah. I'm so sorry already.
Whatever.
You're going to get it.
We'll see what you got.
Shima.
You sure you want him
to dig into your past?
Nobody could ever find out
what really happened.
OFF DUTY
Goodbye.
That was immature of Mr. Shima.
Sit down. I want to find out
what really happened.
But with my investigative skills?
Impossible.
You were quite confident.
First, I get the report on the case.
That's not easy.
You need the approval
of the chief and the superintendent.
You didn't know?
You're the son
of the director general. No problem.
I've no such authority.
-Then what?
-Don't ask me.
Shima could easily obtain
this kind of information.
I've got to give it to him. He's good.
I guess Kyu-chan isn't at that level.
I'm sorry I asked you.
-Mr. Ibuki.
-Yes?
Who told you about Mr. Shima?
Oh. I can tell you that.
You're so mellow, mellow, melon bread.
Hey, stop. Hey, you.
Look at him.
Mr. Kariya, First Investigation?
Hello.
I'm Kokonoe, No.4 MIU.
National Police Agency.
Quiet.
He's the son of Director General Kokonoe.
Can we…?
Could we have some of your time?
Shima was Kosaka's partner at the time.
He was quite a conceited fellow.
He always ridiculed others.
Arrogant little kid.
I hear you.
You know what happened when Kosaka died?
-August 8th 2013.
-That's Octopus Day.
Yumiko Minamida was arrested that day.
Who is that?
-The poisoning case?
-Yes.
Shima and I were
on the case at Soshigaya PD.
Poisoning case?
You don't know?
The Thallium serial murder case.
An office worker was experiencing
loss of appetite and stomachache.
Doctors couldn't figure out why.
He got weaker and died.
Then, his colleague died the same way,
which drew
the police's attention to thallium.
Both men were married.
A female colleague had relations
with both of them.
Yumiko Minamida.
She poisoned them claiming
that she was lied to.
The men promised to get divorced,
but they were just toying with her.
That's her statement.
Terrifying woman.
-The men, you mean?
-What?
Anyway…
I saw something on the evening
she was arrested.
Hey.
Kosaka.
-Come.
-What is it?
-What, Mr. Shima?
-Come here.
-Let go of me.
He was going at him
as if he was going to kill him.
You can't conclude
that Shima killed him from that.
That's not all. Later on,
a cop calls in saying
that Minamida fled from her house.
-Yumiko Minamida got away.
-Everybody went out to go find her.
However,
Shima and Kosaka stayed at the station.
The emergency call came the next morning.
Send an ambulance. A man's on the floor.
He has no pulse.
His name is Yoshitaka Kosaka.
I'm Kazumi Shima. We're both
from First Investigation.
Five minutes later,
No.3 MIU members arrive at the scene.
But no evidence suggests murder.
Perhaps Shima hid the evidence.
MIU would've surely found it
during the initial investigation.
Except it was done by two MIU members
that had known Shima for years.
One was a woman.
MIU's first ever female captain.
What happened?
KIKYO
The tea is ready.
-The repairman should arrive shortly.
-Thank you.
He's a cop like your mom.
Perhaps he's not used to men.
He's used to being with women.
Did you know her husband
who died in an accident?
I know he owned a bar.
Ms. Kikyo would often go there after work.
We deal with murder, extortion,
burglary, and betrayal every day.
But at his bar, we'd talk about
how good the grilled asparagus is,
or how tasty the fig with sesame sauce is.
When I told him how the laundry
reeked during the rainy season,
Yuzuru told me to use baking soda.
-That's amazing.
-Right?
We used to talk about
trivial things like that for hours.
Those were precious times.
She's so cute
when she talks casually at home.
I'm pretty sure
she never talks like that at work.
I see.
Sorry, I talked so much.
It's been a while since I talked
to anyone besides Ms. Kikyo and Yuta.
I see.
Move, and you die.
Please don't.
Can I get a beer?
I thought we came to talk.
You don't want to drink with me?
You won't force me into drinking.
Spot me at the gym?
Never.
You all think I'm an old fart
that can't keep up with the times.
You all think I'm a joke.
His son is getting married soon.
That's great news.
But he was told not to come
dine with the bride's parents.
My son said, "Let me guess.
You're working that day, right?"
My wife told me not to come.
She thinks I'd ruin the marriage.
My daughter told me not to come,
saying my presence
alone would cause an incident.
Who's been putting food on the table
for them all these years?
Indeed.
It's that tone they hate.
-Indeed.
-Oops.
Oops.
-Nothing's coming out.
-The cap isn't off.
When you were partnering
with Ms. Kikyo at No.3 MIU,
you came to this building, didn't you?
During your visit…
I'm not saying anything.
Getting him drunk won't do it.
A true detective.
You want me to drink?
If I do, you'll talk to me?
Stop it, stop it.
You can't drink, so don't!
I can drink a little.
Why did he finish half of it?
I haven't had anything.
It was the day Yumiko Minamida,
the murder suspect escaped.
Soshigaya PD all helped with the hunt.
Being closest to the site,
we arrived at the scene first.
I called him many times
but he wouldn't pick up.
So I came to check on him.
And I found him like this.
I smell alcohol.
Glean Glian. It's Scotch whisky.
How do you know?
It looks like he fell.
That seems to be the case.
I'll take this place.
Shima.
We'll check the roof.
We'll take the emergency stairs.
The elevator doesn't go to the roof.
Here's the other sandal.
Glean Glian.
Were you here before we came?
No, this is the first time.
I mean, I didn't come here last night.
I've been here before.
-This is great.
-Look at you.
Some omelet rice for lunch?
Oh, may I?
Hamu-chan makes the best omelet rice.
-Really? I can't wait.
-Stop it. You're raising the bar.
THALLIUM
Here.
SERIAL MURDER
Kosaka.
What you've done is unforgivable.
But…
I was the one…
who made you do it.
They were after Yumiko Minamida.
Yes.
Something happened
during the investigation.
Yes.
Let go of me.
There must have been a big dispute,
and he pushed him off the roof.
You just made him the killer.
We can't ignore that possibility.
Shima said he didn't go up there.
He went up in the morning with Mr. Jinba.
That might be a lie.
You have doubts about that?
Mr. Shima told me once.
Pressing the wrong switch can make
anybody take the wrong path.
Who we meet.
Who we don't meet.
Which switch will change
the path of this person?
Mr. Shima took the wrong path…
due to some switch.
-What will you draw?
-A star.
A star? You missed this point.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Shima? Listen.
Mr. Jinba takes off his shoes at 4 a.m.
And his feet reek.
But Kyu-chan can't tell him that.
He refuses to drink,
but can't tell him about his feet.
Forget about it.
Makes no sense, right?
Young people are weird.
I'm glad you're having fun.
What was that about?
Don't answer when you're off-duty.
I can't do that.
Because you're a cop?
That, too.
But he's my partner.
-Partner?
-Yes.
If my partner is in trouble,
I need to get there quickly, right?
He hung up on me.
Because it was an abrupt call.
Were you going to ask him
if he killed his partner again?
I'm scared that he might say,
"Yes, I did."
We found a letter.
Mr. Jinba? Mr. Jinba?
Jinba, Jinba…
Kosaka's last words.
Mr. Jinba?
His last letter?
A suicide note?
This is your favorite drink.
We said we'd drink
once we solved the case.
We promised.
Although I'm no longer a cop.
No longer a detective.
Kosaka.
You might not be…
but your life still goes on.
Plumbery Champ.
Yes.
Oh, I'll get that. Stay here.
Thank you.
One, two…
It reeks.
You can use bathroom deodorizer.
I ain't smelling like no bathroom.
-Love the accent.
-Stop dissing Fukuoka.
-Tell me more.
-You get to my nerves.
What are you doing?
-Are you drunk?
-He's a delinquent…
You told me to drink.
You can drink while off-duty
but don't come to the office.
We thought you'd know.
About the suicide note of Mr. Kosaka.
We ain't sure it was suicide.
Stop the fake accent.
Go home.
It's nothing to look into
for kicks. It's confidential.
I'm not doing this for kicks.
I'm doing this because he's my partner.
A partner is only temporary.
One of you may
get transferred in a few years.
No.4 MIU in particular may break up
in April once we get more staff.
There's no need to get closer
to him or dig into his past.
Let's say that I came
to No.4 MIU due to a switch.
Switch?
The reason I was called was because
someone suddenly joined No.4 MIU,
which made Shima partner less.
So, I was made his partner.
I was forced to come here,
and I became Shima's partner.
So, everything
that led to this point is a switch.
That's kind of like life, isn't it?
I want to…
cherish each switch.
I don't want to give up.
The information is crucial to be
most effective as a team.
First, take a shower and sober up.
I love you, Captain.
-Get going. Now.
-Yes.
-Come in.
-Excuse us.
That was refreshing.
Kokonoe, you look like a student.
-I didn't have any clothes.
-It's my hoodie.
The report on the falling accident
that happened in 2013.
Some were against the idea
of transferring Shima to No.4 MIU.
So, I submitted this
to the chief of Criminal Affairs.
Can we?
-It's confidential.
-Yes.
Better share the truth
than have you snoop around.
It wasn't a suicide note.
It was a resignation letter.
The autopsy results are in there too.
That's the whole story.
It was my dream to become a detective.
A detective is…
justice.
Sorry, it's so hot in my house.
That's not a problem.
Let's get started.
Daisuke Asano and Sho Mishima died.
You know them?
You had a relationship with each of them.
They were both married.
That would be adultery.
I wouldn't do that.
We received an anonymous email.
Anonymous?
Who'd do that?
So, you certainly did know these two men?
We worked at the same company.
We'd exchange files and hand over duties.
I did those things with them.
It feels like a drama series
to have detectives in my house.
I didn't know
First Investigation was real.
What was so funny to her?
Why did you tell her
about the anonymous informant?
It's like telling her we know nothing.
You're not some local detective anymore.
Have a nice evening.
We couldn't get evidence
that tied her to the dead men.
She was having affairs.
She must've been very careful.
But both wives suspected
their husband of seeing someone.
You're going about it wrong.
I began staking out alone,
even on my days off.
I hesitated, but saw this
as an opportunity.
We still didn't know
how she got the thallium.
Perhaps I could find a clue in her room.
There's no thallium in the tea.
-As a detective, I can't drink this.
-Wow, like a real detective.
I was bored living alone.
There's nothing good on TV.
So, you're single.
Where's the hamster?
It died.
They die so easily.
Being single is better, isn't it?
Having an affair is despicable.
Did you drink it?
THALLIUM POISONING SYMPTOMS
LOSS OF HAIR…
I had to get evidence.
Kosaka.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Let's go.
Yes.
I couldn't tell Mr. Shima.
He'd think I was useless.
I could get transferred.
Hello. Mother?
Yes.
I'm fine.
I'm working on a big case.
I'll certainly catch her.
It will be a big deal.
I've got it.
The evidence that she got thallium.
Kosaka.
-Come here.
-What?
-Come.
-Hey.
What is this?
Evidence.
She purchased thallium.
When did you find out?
Mr. Shima. Are you jealous?
Excuse me?
The evidence says one thing:
Two days ago, someone used
a free email account
to have thallium delivered to her address.
That's enough to get a search warrant.
You ordered it, didn't you?
-Whatever.
-You pretended to be her?
Let's say that I did.
-So what?
-What?
Justice is infinitely more important.
Are you being serious?
Didn't you learn anything?
The police limits individual freedom
only through due process of law.
Failing to do so is
merely an abuse of power.
-We, the police…
-Thallium is in her room.
She might kill more people.
We must search her home.
I'm risking my life here.
We must arrest her. Before she gets away.
Yumiko Minamida has run away.
I'll see what's going on.
You stay here.
Freeze, Minamida.
What the…?
Minamida.
They've arrested the perp.
They also found thallium from her room.
That's too bad.
-She could've been ours.
-With your fake evidence?
Yes.
The result would've been the same.
This is the perp.
Her name is Yumiko Minamida.
Shiori Nakayama,
whom we were investigating,
noticed her colleague was the perp,
and misled the investigation for fun.
Game over already?
Boring.
YUMIKO MINAMIDA ARRESTED FOR
THE THALLIUM SERIAL MURDER CASE
Shiori Nakayama used a free
email account to stay anonymous,
and lied to the police
that she was the lover.
The hair and urine sample
that you submitted for analysis.
Whose are they?
Why did you do this?
It's high up here.
After drinking here, Kosaka went down
the emergency stairs at around 02:00 a.m.
Don't abuse an old man with a hangover.
Let's go down.
What the hell?
Examiner found no depressed
fracture or brain contusion.
He only found
fissured fractures on the skull.
So the victim didn't fall
from a high place.
He fell from a low place.
So, this is where he slipped.
Around here.
We got his prints from this rail.
The report is coherent.
It was an accident.
Acute subdural hematoma caused
by landing on the vertex.
A person can die
from falling from this height.
He might've lived if he wasn't drunk
or had he landed differently.
Kosaka had a mother who lived alone.
His boss chose not to process
the resignation that he submitted,
and got his mother
a pre-retirement death benefit.
There was no need to tell his mother
that he was a lousy detective.
If I were Detective Kosaka…
would I have been able to tell Mr. Shima?
It's terrifying to admit…
your own incompetence.
Be able to talk about your mistakes.
Just be open.
If you're naked from the start,
you can do anything.
I'm thirsty. You want to go get a drink?
Don't get mad. I'm joking.
I'd dine with you.
-Dinner. No drinking.
-Dinner?
Hello.
-What?
-It was an accident.
I read Kosaka's letter too.
So, you did find out.
Of course.
I'm a partner that walks the walk.
But…
I still haven't figured out one thing.
Say, Shima.
When was the last time
you saw Kosaka alive?
And at that moment…
what did you tell him?
I did my research
but there was no way to know that.
You give up?
I give up.
Tell me.
It was when…
he was writing his letter
feeling completely mortified.
Also…
at the rooftop.
Did you go to the rooftop that evening?
I didn't.
I didn't go to him on either occasion.
I had the chance, though.
Many times.
But I didn't talk to him.
He went home without me knowing,
and sent me a message.
"Would you like to have
a drink at the rooftop?"
"I'll buy your favorite drink
and wait for you."
He wanted to drink with me
when I was cleaning up his mess.
So I ignored him.
Since then…
I thought about the same thing over
and over and over again.
The loop never stops.
Had I spoken to him then.
Had I gone to the rooftop.
Had I noticed that he was up to something.
There were numerous switches.
But in reality, I overlooked all of them.
I ignored them.
The last thing I ever said to him…
You decide whether you resign or not.
Kosaka?
Hey.
An accident.
I don't see it as that.
No matter how much I regret,
I can never go back in time.
Shima.
The day Kosaka died…
It was around 2 a.m.
on Octopus Day in 2013, right?
Octopus?
Yes.
That was close.
Oh, that hurts.
Kosaka-chan.
Thank you.
All right.
PLUMBERY CHAMP.
Thanks for coming.
-Goodbye.
-Thanks.
Yes?
Shima. Come to the building now.
Kosaka's apartment.
What for?
Just get over here.
If you don't, you'll regret it.
What?
I'm not going.
Freeze.
Mr. Shima?
What took you so long?
What is it?
See over there beyond the train tracks?
It's Setagaya Ward.
Yes. That area is another ward.
Jurisdiction of another police station.
And I've noticed something extraordinary.
That night, Kosaka waited for you here.
But you never showed up.
With nothing to do,
he looked at the city view.
That's when he witnessed a crime.
Hey.
Hey. What are you doing? Hey.
Why are you lying?
I'm not.
I'm serious.
Prove it.
I'll shut you up good.
I'll shut you up real good.
I've proof.
Look.
LOOKING FOR THE PERSON WHO REPORTED
BREAK-IN AT 2 A.M ON AUG. 8, 2013!
That night, Kosaka called
the police from this spot.
I checked
with the dispatching headquarters.
I found this.
The call was made
at 2:07 a.m. on August 8th, 2013.
Ikeishi Apartment in Setagaya.
Sixth floor of the beige building.
A suspicious man entered
the second room from the north side.
Send a squad car immediately.
Yes.
Hey. This is the police. Hey.
Police.
Hey.
Police. Freeze.
Which one of you made the call?
The detective was…
my partner.
I must conceal his identity.
He's no longer with our department.
It was a horrific incident.
I was grappling with the intruder.
Just when I thought I was going die,
I heard the sirens.
-I was saved by the bell.
-Bell? Yeah, literally.
And the banner?
I put that up last month. You never know.
I'm moving out soon.
I wanted to reach the caller.
Had he not made the call,
I, as well as my baby,
might not be alive today.
I'm glad you came by before I got married.
-Here. Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Thanks.
-Bye, baby.
Um…
Please tell your colleague
that I'm thankful.
Thanks to him, I'm in very good shape.
Yes.
I'll make sure I do.
Sorry I never came to see you.
I took you as…
a weak person.
A weak person…
who's not fit to be a cop.
I can no longer drink whisky
since your death.
I realized how weak I was.
I'm a detective at MIU now.
I give moral lessons to these criminals.
But the moral lessons fly back
at me like boomerangs.
Who am I to talk about morals?
Am I not the one who should be judged?
Had your partner been someone like Ibuki…
you would have lived.
You might not have stayed with the police.
But you could've made a fresh start.
I won't forget you.
I will never forget you.
Catch.
That's on me, baby.
Not.
What did you tell him?
-Secret.
-Hey, Shima.
You're not going to quit, are you?
If I quit now,
I could never forgive myself.
I'll keep getting hit
by boomerangs as I go on.
You and your complicated expressions.
Anyway, don't worry.
I've got a long line of life.
You can kill the guy
but he doesn't die. That's Ai Ibuki.
You really know how to annoy me.
Oh come on!
I don't get you.
Yes?
Shima, where are you?
Hamu-chan is so fine.
She's of the highest caliber.
Hamu-chan is super fine.
-"Fine"?
-Yes.
Stop teaching him bad things.
The boy needs a father figure.
Nobody asked you.
I want Shima. Be my dad.
Not a chance.
A cop is out of the question.
I don't want to talk
about work at home. Never.
Yes. I understand.
Don't tell me to mix
some vegetables with the meat.
But you know, marriages
between cops are pretty common.
-The captain is not even listening.
-Is this beer okay?
Oh, yes, yes.
-I shall pour you a glass.
-"Shall?"
The three of us should bathe together.
Would you like to bathe?
-I'm bathing alone.
-I thought so.
KIKYO
He's a kid.
You want to be my partner?
This man is weird, isn't he?
We've got good reception.
Good.
Who could it be?
A dead man discovered in a storage.
There was a wanted criminal.
We need to catch him.
Hang in there, Tarou.
I'm not Tarou.
Surrender.
We've no time.
I know there's something.